# Tester_ArrayList_VS_LinkedList_VS_CursorList

1) generator.cxx
-Generates random output for ArrayList.x, CursorList.x, LinkedList.x, stdlist.x  in the range  [0; 1000] and commands in the range [0; 5],
where 0 -> 'F' -> push_front, 1 -> 'B' -> push_back, 2 -> 'f' -> pop_front, 3 -> 'b' -> pop_back, 4 -> 'R' -> insert (erase (find)), 5 -> 'S' -> size.

The program can also accept one argument that predetermines the number of commands to be executed.

2) ArrayList.hxx
- List array implementation.

3) ArrayList.cxx
- The program loads the input data generated by the generator. Then it handles the given implementation of the list from ArrayList.hxx.

4) liststd.cxx
- The program loads the input data generated by the generator. Then it handles list implementations from std :: list.

5) LinkedList.hxx
- Doubly linked list implementation.

6) LinkedList.cxx
- The program loads the input data generated by the generator. Then it handles a given implementation of the list from LinkedList.hxx.

7) CursorList.hxx
- Single Cursor list implementation..

8) CursorList.cxx
-The program loads the input data generated by the generator. Then it handles given implementation of the list from CursorList.hxx.

9) Makefile
- Includes program compilations and tester implementations

10) generator_overflow.cxx
- Generates "push ()" operations to trigger a stack overflow event. Serves the tester. 

11) generator_underflow.cxx
- Generates "pop()" operations to trigger a stack underflow event. Serves the tester.

## Makefile ##
- To compile all programs, execute:
 make all
- To clear the contents of unnecessary files, execute:
make clean
- To run all tests, execute: 
make test

## Makefile Tester ##

- Tester compares in four steps ArrayList.hxx , LinkedList.hxx, CursorList.hxx with std :: list

*First step*
- Generate a random number of times operations and random commands:
 make test_arraylist_1,
 make test_ inkedlist_1,
 make test_cursorlist_1

*Second step*
- Generate the operation given in the argument n times and random commands:
 make test_arraylist_2,
 make test_linkedlist_2,
 make test_cursorlist_2

*Third step*
- Generate generate the push operation specified in the argument 1000001 times:
 make test_arraylist_3,
 make test_linkedlist_3,
 make test_cursorlist_3

*Fourth step*
- Generate a random number of pop operation:
 make test_arraylist_4,
 make test_linkedlist_4,
 make test_cursorlist_4
